The first line will import the sys module so that we can do command line arguments 


if statement checking if the argv has no spacing between the numbers
	if it returns true we put the argv into the string 'DOB'  

else if statement checking if the argument has a '/' in the argv 
	if the argument has a '/', we replace all of them  with a blank '' and put it in the string 'DOB' 

else if statement checking if the argument has a '-' in the argv
	  if it does have a '-' replace all them with a blank '' and put the into a string 'DOB' 

else if statement  checking if the argumet has a '.' in the argv 
	if it does replace all of them with a black '' and put it into a string 'DOB' 


Leap year function 

	convert the the year into an integer
	if year is divisible by 400 then it is a leap year,
	if year is divisible by 100 the it is not a leap year.
	else if the year is divisible by 4 then it is a leap year,

month 
	list of months that are 31 days called 'month_31' as well as another list with months with 30 days called 'month_30'.  
if the month is in the monht_31 list check to see if the day exceed 31, it is not valid
if the month is in the month_30 list, check to see if the day exceeds 30 days, it will not be valid 
if the month is equal to 2, use the leap year function to check if the year is a leap year. then check if the date 28/29 depending if its a leap year or not 


size function 
converts the number into a string, then count how many characters the string object has 
a string the is equal to how long the length should be  called 'range' 
compare the range to  the argument, if it's too short it is wrong. if there are too many numbers it is also wrong.

range check 

takes the first 4 numbers as the year and checks if the year is within a certain range.  if the year is less than 1900 or more than 9999 then it will print out an error 

validates if the month number is valid. if it is less than 1, or more than 12, it will print out an error 

   

usage 


check to see if there is any argument given.  
If there is none, print out a description on how to use this script. 


sanitize 

a string of characters that are allowed to be used.  
If the user inputs letters ( october) then it will print out that it will be in the wrong format and not accept it. 
else we can continue.  


VALIDATION


Usage: we call the usage function if sys.argv returns nothing, printing out how to use this 
Month:when we call month and output if the number inputed, if there is anything  that does not match the to lists, it will output an error
size: the min/max number of characters is 8, if the size check determines there are more than 8 characters it will output an error saying there are to many numbers.  
Range: your ranges are between 1900 and 9999, if the range from the called function is less than/ greater than these 2 numbers, it will output an error stating it is out of range 
   
 

